**Parametricism**

Parametricism.com features cutting-edge research and projects to convey the latest advancements in computationally empowered architecture and design, acting as a “neural network” of positions and new directions affiliated with Parametricism. The curators of this platform are Daniela Ghertovici (Chicago), Patrik Schumacher (London) and Lars van Vianen (Amsterdam). Between us we represent a gamut of trajectories within Parametricism, and our mission is to feature a wide array of work by both formative figures and emerging talent. 

Parametricism is a style within contemporary avant-garde architecture. The style addresses urban design, architectural design, interior design, and furniture design. Its impact can also be noted in product design and fashion design. Parametricism implies that all elements of the design become parametrically variable and mutually adaptive. "Its most conspicuous outward characteristic is a complex and dynamic curvilinearity accentuated by a swarm-like proliferation of continuously differentiated components. Beyond such obvious surface features one can identify a series of new concepts and methods that are so different from the repertoire of both traditional and modern architecture that one is justified in speaking of the emergence of a new paradigm within architecture. The shared concepts, formal repertoires, tectonic logics and computational techniques that characterize this work are indeed engendering the formation of a new style“ (Patrik Schumacher).

website: [parametricism.com](https://www.parametricism.com)